SP-76-4158892. Hospital: Random NHS Foundation Trust. Hospital Number: G4762980. Patient Name:  el-Bagheri, Aasima. DOB:  1989-01-21. General Practitioner: Dr. el-Majid, Haamida. Date received:  2008-05-30. Clinical Details:  No inlet patch. Three D2 and one D1 biopsies were taken to exclude coeliac disese. At OGD- fundic gastritis and cardia nodule. Sigmoid malignant appearing lesion. Dyspepsia, normal gastroscopy. Transient dysphagia, reflux. any IM/dysplasia. Any evidence of chronic inflammation or UGI crohn s. 3 mm sessile. candida oesophagus. 5 specimen. Nature of specimen:  Nature of specimen as stated on pot = x 4 oesophageal biopsies 28 cm. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = Oesophjagus 21cm. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = Oesophagus 21cm. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = Oesophagus 37M ,a) Nature of specimen as stated on request form = D2 x 4. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = duodenum. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = OESOPHAGUS 29CM. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = Oesophageal biopsies x6. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = 4 x D2, 2 x gastric. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = ADENOMA. Macroscopic description: 3 specimens collected the largest measuring 2 x 3 x 1 mm and the smallest 3 x 3 x 5 mm. Histology:  The biopsies show a large bowel mucosa containing a small fragment of hyperplastic polyp,but no active inflammation. The changes are mild and non-specific. There is no significant excess of chronic inflammatory cells. No Candida hyphae or viral inclusions are seen,including intestinal-type epithelium. occasional specialised glands. Diagnosis:  Duodenum, biopsies: - Within normal histological limits. Oesophagus, biopsy - Barrett s oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia.  Intraepithelial lymphocytosis,- Consistent with an inflammatory polyp. B GI biopsy - DISTAL OESOPHAGUS X2, MID OESO X3, PROX OESO X2. Oesophagus, biopsies: -Mild chronic inflammation,- Mild intrapeithelial lymphcytosis. Mid-oesophagus biopsies:- ulceration. Oesophagus, biopsies: - Ulceration and chronic active inflammation. Cardia/gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsy.