SP-45-9885838. Hospital: Random NHS Foundation Trust. Hospital Number: D5975610. Patient Name:  Esquivel, Angalissa. DOB:  1987-02-02. General Practitioner: Dr. Conway, Megan. Date received:  2005-11-07. Clinical Details:  Barrett s surveillance. Previous oesopahgeal Barrett s adenocarcinoma T1a. revious biopsies from GOJ in Nov - indefinite for low grade dysplasia. GOJ opening well but body of. Biopsy from gastric antrum. Linear erosions in oesophagus. Oesophageal candida. Ongoing antral gastritis despite treatment with PPI. Transverse colon x 2. Chronic diarrhoea . 3 specimen. Nature of specimen:  Nature of specimen as stated on pot = Transverse polyp x 1. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = ADENOMA. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Mid oesoph biopsies ,c) Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Oesophagus 37M. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Oesophagus @ 27cm. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = upper oesophagus. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Antral biopsy. Macroscopic description: 3 specimens collected the largest measuring 2 x 3 x 4 mm and the smallest 2 x 1 x 1 mm. Histology:  Focally there is stratification and nuclear pleomorphism amounting to high grade. No intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or. fibromuscularisation of the lamina propria. epithelial lymphocytes. inflammation, intestinalmetaplasia or atrophy is seen. Squamocolumnar mucosa with intestinal metaplasia and acute and chronic. and they favour Crohn s disease at present. Diagnosis:  - within normal histological limits. Gastro-oesophageal junction, biopsy - Columnar mucosa with mild chronic inflammation. Oesophagus biopsies:- normal epithelium. Oesophagus, biopsies - Mild chronic inflammation. B) Jejunum and stomach, Roux-en-Y anastomosis, biopsies. Oesophagus, EMR 43P - Barrett s oesophagus without intestinal metaplasia.  Helicobacter present,- Chronic active inflammation. Oesophagus, biopsy - Barrett s oesophagus with moderate chronic inflammation.  See text.