SP-64-9380959. Hospital: Random NHS Foundation Trust. Hospital Number: M9440150. Patient Name:  el-Pour, Mubeena. DOB:  1915-04-13. General Practitioner: Dr. el-Sharifi, Ghaidaa. Date received:  2002-05-27. Clinical Details:  OGD - minimal gastritis only. cancer. Comment. oesophageal biopsies taken 36cm, 28cm and 22cm. Chronic diarrhoea . Normal OGD, ++dyspepsia. weeks requested for healing. H pylori gastritis. 3 specimen. Nature of specimen:  a Nature of specimen as stated on request form = D2 x 4. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Oesophagus 4@3cm . Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Oesophagus @35cmx3. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = OESOPHAGUS 39CM. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = Oesophagus @36cmx1. Nature of specimen as stated on pot = x1 descending polyp. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = OESOPHAGUS 23CM. Nature of specimen as stated on request form = Oesophagus 35P. Macroscopic description: 7 specimens collected the largest measuring 1 x 2 x 4 mm and the smallest 1 x 4 x 2 mm. Histology:  Also inlcuded are pieces of non-specialised gastric mucosa with foveolar. There is no intestinal metaplasia, atrophy or Helicobacter pylori. These biopsies of specialised gastric-type mucosa showed a minimal chronic, inactive gastritis. No Helicobacter-like organisms are seen. These are biopsies of slightly papillomatous squamous mucosa in keeping with papillomas. The appearances are those of Helicobacter associated chronic active gastritis. No Helicobacter-like organisms, intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy is. No acute inflammation is seen. No ulceration is seen. Diagnosis:  - Barrett s oesophagus with intestinal metaplasia.  No invasion identified. Rectum, polyp biopsy: - Tubular adenoma with mild dysplasia,- raised intra-epithelial lymphocytes. Lower and mid-oesophagus, biopsies. Duodenum, biopsy - No significant abnormalities.  Crohn s disease.  Consistent with inflammatory bowel disease. Oesophagus, biopsy - Squamous mucosa. Oesophagus, biopsy - Barrett s oesophagus with focal intestinal metaplasia.